# I want to create an environment where people with different languages ​​can coexist (manager proposal)

I think this server needs to have some drastic changes due to the problem of non Japanese speakers joining VCs with japanese only speakers.  
I would like you to read until the end, but as the title suggests, as an administrator, I would like to create an environment that can coexist in different languages ​​(i.e, other than Japanese).

## Cause

- Those who can't speak English, or those who feel bad, leave VC and chat.
- People who can speak English but can't speak Japanese want to communicate

In other words, language communication is blocked.  
Although this server has been a minority community in the Japanese-speaking world, there is no rule that foreign speakers should not be included.  
Therefore, the manager believes that it is correct to create an environment where both people can speak.  
The following is presented as a solution, so please respond with OK or ask the administrator to vote in DM.  

## solution

- Coexistence plan
  - Switch channels for people that can speak and participate in VC by role for each language divided into jp category, en category, and mix category
    - jp category: Only people with jp role can enter, basically only Japanese
    - en category: only people with en role put in, basically only english
    - Mix category: For those who have jp roll / en roll. Language is not specified (although only English and Japanese are currently available)
- Other
  - If you have any other thoughts, please DM to admin

## Supplement

There is no English README! That's right, so ... I'll do my best to create it.  
For each language category, it will not be possible to categorize “work category” and “call category” as they are now.
